README.md, before:

# sql-query-formatter
An SQL query formatter written in Racket

Turns this:
<pre>
"SELECT DISTINCT p.produit_num, p.produit_idp, pd.produit_descript_num, t.par_ht, pd.produit_descript_part_number, p.produit_num_serie, p.produit_asset_tag, p.produit_commentaire, p.produit_palette, (CASE p.etat_nom WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS etat_nom, (CASE p.audit_etat WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS audit_etat, p.audit_commentaire, p.audit_resultats_abr, m.marque_nom, pd.produit_descript_modele" + sAuditQuery + " FROM produit_descript pd LEFT JOIN mw_tarifs t ON (t.id_pd = pd.produit_descript_num AND t.ty_tar = 'RE' AND t.flpromo = '0' AND t.id_lan = '1' AND t.id_btq = '0' AND t.id_famc = '0') LEFT JOIN marque m ON (m.marque_num = pd.marque_num), produit p LEFT JOIN mw_audit a ON (a.produit_num = p.produit_num) WHERE p.lot_num = '" + Str(nLot) + "' AND pd.categorie_num = '" + Str(nCategory) + "' AND pd.produit_descript_num = p.produit_descript_num ORDER BY p.produit_num"
</pre>
...into this:
<pre>
"SELECT DISTINCT "+_
"p.produit_num, "+_
"p.produit_idp, "+_
"pd.produit_descript_num, "+_
"t.par_ht, "+_
"pd.produit_descript_part_number, "+_
"p.produit_num_serie, "+_
"p.produit_asset_tag, "+_
"p.produit_commentaire, "+_
"p.produit_palette, "+_
"(CASE p.etat_nom WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS etat_nom, "+_
"(CASE p.audit_etat WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS audit_etat, "+_
"p.audit_commentaire, "+_
"p.audit_resultats_abr, "+_
"m.marque_nom, "+_
"pd.produit_descript_modele, "+_
+ sAuditQuery + " "+_
"FROM produit_descript pd "+_
"LEFT JOIN mw_tarifs t ON (t.id_pd = pd.produit_descript_num "+_
"AND t.ty_tar = 'RE' "+_
"AND t.flpromo = '0' "+_
"AND t.id_lan = '1' "+_
"AND t.id_btq = '0' "+_
"AND t.id_famc = '0') "+_
"LEFT JOIN marque m ON (m.marque_num = pd.marque_num), produit p "+_
"LEFT JOIN mw_audit a ON (a.produit_num = p.produit_num) "+_
"WHERE p.lot_num = '" + Str(nLot) + "' "+_
"AND pd.categorie_num = '" + Str(nCategory) + "' "+_
"AND pd.produit_descript_num = p.produit_descript_num ORDER BY p.produit_num"
</pre>

Cheers,

Dexter Santucci<br>
Ottawa, April 2019

Commit message:

Added new sections and license

README.md, after:

# Sql Query Formatter
An SQL query formatter written in Racket.

## Introduction

SQL Query Formatter reads a long line of code containing an SQL query from the clipboard, cuts it into neatly formatted lines of code with underscore line breaks.

## Features

- Automatic syntax detection;
- Parses and breaks SQL queries according to their grammar;
- 

## Technical Details

Turns this:
<pre>
"SELECT DISTINCT p.produit_num, p.produit_idp, pd.produit_descript_num, t.par_ht, pd.produit_descript_part_number, p.produit_num_serie, p.produit_asset_tag, p.produit_commentaire, p.produit_palette, (CASE p.etat_nom WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS etat_nom, (CASE p.audit_etat WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS audit_etat, p.audit_commentaire, p.audit_resultats_abr, m.marque_nom, pd.produit_descript_modele" + sAuditQuery + " FROM produit_descript pd LEFT JOIN mw_tarifs t ON (t.id_pd = pd.produit_descript_num AND t.ty_tar = 'RE' AND t.flpromo = '0' AND t.id_lan = '1' AND t.id_btq = '0' AND t.id_famc = '0') LEFT JOIN marque m ON (m.marque_num = pd.marque_num), produit p LEFT JOIN mw_audit a ON (a.produit_num = p.produit_num) WHERE p.lot_num = '" + Str(nLot) + "' AND pd.categorie_num = '" + Str(nCategory) + "' AND pd.produit_descript_num = p.produit_descript_num ORDER BY p.produit_num"
</pre>
...into this:
<pre>
"SELECT DISTINCT "+_
"p.produit_num, "+_
"p.produit_idp, "+_
"pd.produit_descript_num, "+_
"t.par_ht, "+_
"pd.produit_descript_part_number, "+_
"p.produit_num_serie, "+_
"p.produit_asset_tag, "+_
"p.produit_commentaire, "+_
"p.produit_palette, "+_
"(CASE p.etat_nom WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS etat_nom, "+_
"(CASE p.audit_etat WHEN 'OK' THEN 'Fonctionnel' WHEN '2C' THEN 'Reparable' WHEN 'HS' THEN 'HS' ELSE 'Fonctionnel' END) AS audit_etat, "+_
"p.audit_commentaire, "+_
"p.audit_resultats_abr, "+_
"m.marque_nom, "+_
"pd.produit_descript_modele, "+_
+ sAuditQuery + " "+_
"FROM produit_descript pd "+_
"LEFT JOIN mw_tarifs t ON (t.id_pd = pd.produit_descript_num "+_
"AND t.ty_tar = 'RE' "+_
"AND t.flpromo = '0' "+_
"AND t.id_lan = '1' "+_
"AND t.id_btq = '0' "+_
"AND t.id_famc = '0') "+_
"LEFT JOIN marque m ON (m.marque_num = pd.marque_num), produit p "+_
"LEFT JOIN mw_audit a ON (a.produit_num = p.produit_num) "+_
"WHERE p.lot_num = '" + Str(nLot) + "' "+_
"AND pd.categorie_num = '" + Str(nCategory) + "' "+_
"AND pd.produit_descript_num = p.produit_descript_num ORDER BY p.produit_num"
</pre>

## License
